Doc | first-steps/post-deployment: add procedure to add new aws accounts. (#168)
binbashar/le-ref-architecture-doc: docs/first-steps/post-deployment.md

## Add New AWS Accounts

If  necessary you can easily add new AWS accounts to your Leverage project by following these steps:

!!! info ""
    1. Go to `management/global/organizations`.
    2. Edit the `locals.tf` file to add/remove accounts from the local `accounts` variable.
    3. Finally, run the [Terraform workflow](https://leverage.binbash.com.ar/user-guide/ref-architecture-aws/workflow/) to apply the new changes.
    4. Add the new account to the `config/common.tfvars` file.

From here, to ensure it's properly integrated, you may very likely want to create the initial directory structure for this new account *as explained right below*.

#### Create the initial directory structure for a new account
  As an example, we will set up the `apps-prd` account by using the `apps-devstg` as a source reference code:

!!! info ""
    1. Ensure you are at the root of this repository
    2. Create the initial directory structure for the new account:
        ```
        mkdir -p apps-prd/{global,us-east-1}
        ```
    3. Set up the config files:

>         1. Create a config files for this account: `cp -r apps-devstg/config apps-prd/config`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        1. Create the config files for this account: `cp -r apps-devstg/config apps-prd/config`
```

        3. Do the same with `apps-prd/config/account.tfvars`
        4. Open up `apps-prd/config/backend.tfvars` again and replace this:
            ```
            profile = "bb-apps-prd-devops"
            ```
            with this:
            ```
            profile = "bb-apps-prd-oaar"
            ```
        5. In the step above, we are switching to the OAAR (OrganizationalAccountAccessRole) role because we are working with a brand new account that is empty, so, the only way to access it programmatically is through the OAAR role.
        6. Now it's time to configure your OAAR credentials (if haven't already done so). For that you can follow the steps in [this section](https://leverage.binbash.com.ar/first-steps/management-account/#update-the-bootstrap-credentials) of the official documentation.
    4. Create the `base-tf-backend` layer:
        1. Copy the layer from an existing one: `cp -r apps-devstg/us-east-1/base-tf-backend apps-prd/us-east-1/base-tf-backend`
        2. Go to the `apps-prd/us-east-1/base-tf-backend` directory and open the `config.tf` file. Comment this block:
            ```
            backend "s3" {

>             key = "apps-devstg/tf-backend/terraform.tfstate"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                key = "apps-devstg/tf-backend/terraform.tfstate"
```

            }
            ```
        3. Now run the [Terraform workflow](https://leverage.binbash.com.ar/user-guide/ref-architecture-aws/workflow/) to initialize and
           apply this layer.  (You may need to pass the `--skip-validation` flag to

>            `leverage tf init`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           `leverage tf init`).
```

Reviewer 2: Actually I think you may want to drop the parenthesis otherwise the period after the closing parenthesis will not be finishing a paragraph. For instance: `My paragraph here. (This between parenthesis).`
Or you may also choose to move the phrase between parenthesis at the end of the previous paragraph like so: `My paragraph here (this between parenthesis).`

Reviewer: Definitely. I didn't realize it was a full sentence inside of the parenthesis. Thanks for pointing it out!

        4. Open the `config.tf` file again and un-comment the block you commented before but first make sure you replace any occurrences of `devstg` with `prd`
        5. Now run `leverage tf init`. Terraform should detect that you are trying to move a local state to a remote state and should prompt you for confirmation.
    5. Before moving on, go back to the root of this repository
    6. Now let's set up the base identities for the new account:
        1. Create this layer from an existing one: `cp -r apps-devstg/global/base-identities apps-prd/global/base-identities`
        2. Go to the `apps-prd/global/base-identities` directory and open the `config.tf` file. Replace any occurrences of `devstg` with `prd`
        3. Now run `leverage tf init`
        4. Import the OAAR role: `leverage terraform import module.iam_assumable_role_oaar.aws_iam_role.this OrganizationAccountAccessRole`
        5. Now run `leverage tf apply`

>     7. It's time for add a `security-base`:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    7. It's time to add `security-base`:  
```

        1. Create this layer from an existing one: `cp -r apps-devstg/us-east-1/security-base apps-prd/us-east-1/security-base`
        2. Go to the `apps-prd/us-east-1/security-base` directory and open the `config.tf` file. Replace any occurrences of `devstg` with `prd`
        3. Now run `leverage tf init`
        5. Now run `leverage tf apply`

    8. Use the DevOps role instead of the OAAR role:
        1. Open up `apps-prd/config/backend.tfvars` again and replace this:
            ```
            profile = "bb-apps-prd-oaar"
            ```
            with this:
            ```
            profile = "bb-apps-prd-devops"
            ```

>         2. This is needed because we only want to use the OAAR role for exceptional cases, not on daily basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        2. This is needed because we only want to use the OAAR role for exceptional cases, not on a daily basis.
```

        3. Now, let's configure your DevOps credentials (if you haven't already done so).
            1. Log into your security account, create programmatic access keys, and enable MFA.
            2. Then run: `leverage credentials configure --fetch-mfa-device --type SECURITY`

>             3. The command above should prompt for your programmatic keys and, with those, it should be able to configure you AWS config and credentials files appropriately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            3. The command above should prompt for your programmatic keys and, with those, Leverage should be able to configure your AWS config and credentials files appropriately.
```
